working with fur seal pups you
really need to watch out for
your rank first of pups are tiny
but they are ferocious in their
own right
we're waiting for seal pups to
make sure that they're getting
enough food to eat and if
they're not we can use that
information to help set
appropriate fishing regulations
and ensure that the first seal
pups healthy
Mike's doing is basically just
trying to encourage several of
the pumps to get together make
them easier for everybody else
in gravel
it's almost like birdie
some keys to a successful first
we'll grab our moving quietly
slowly and not making eye
contact
you can sort of pick them up a
little bit more evil
they're developing the skills
that they'll need as adults to
protect themselves they can
growl they can try to fight
we want to make sure that the
animal stay safe
so we're really motivated to
minimize our impact both because
it helps the data that we
collected more accurate life and
also because we have a moral
responsibility now arms quite
frequently it will release the
first seal clubs and we'll just
stop turn around
look at you and just hang out
and sort of watch the other fur
seal pups getting wave
there's no getting around the
fact that in arctic fur seals
are ridiculously cute
some of them are very curious
and they'll come right up to you
to check you out
it's awesome to be able to see
them grow and thrive
that's adorable
yeah